Privacy Policy

Your privacy is very important to us.
Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information.
The following outlines our privacy policy.

    Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
    We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
    We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
    We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
    Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
    We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
    We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.

We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.


Bot Framework Privacy Policy

TorpedoBot Skype transport is enabled by Microsoft’s Bot Framework.
Bot Framework is a set of web-services that enable intelligent services and connections using conversation channels you authorize.
As a service provider, Microsoft will create a Bot Framework user profile and receive content you provide
to our bot/service in order to enable the service and to help improve Microsoft services.
For more information about Microsoft privacy policies please see their privacy statement here: http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839.
To report abuse when using a bot that uses Bot Framework to Microsoft, please visit the Microsoft Bot Framework website at https://www.botframework.com and use the “Report Abuse” link in the menu to contact Microsoft.



Other caveats

If you follow a link from our site to another you are no longer covered by our privacy policy.
We cannot guarantee the security of your data whilst in transmission to our site.
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page
